README.md, before:

# Songr 

Building Full-Stack Web Apps with Spring Framework

## Author

Liz Mahoney

## Version 

1.0.0

## Getting Started

1. Go to `https://start.spring.io/` to create a spring application.


![Spring application setup](assets/init.png)


2. Open application in IntelliJ, select used import, and select appropriate JDK, click ok

3. On terminal in root directory run `git init`
3. Create a repo on github named `Songr`, then initial ACP to the Songr repo on github


***To Run Application***

In terminal run: `./gradlew bootrun`

***To view gradle commands***

In terminal run: `./gradlew tasks`

***To Run Test***

In terminal run: `./gradlew test`

## Features

### 6/13/19

    -[x] Create an Album model.
    -[x] An Album has a title, an artist, a songCount, a length (in seconds), and an imageUrl that is a link to that 
    album’s art.
    -[x] A user should be able to see information about all the albums on the site.
    -[x] A user should be able to add albums to the site.

### 6/12/19

    -[x] Ensure that you can run the Spring app.
    -[x] Create a hello world route at /hello, and ensure that you can visit that route in your browser and see data 
    come back.
    -[x] Create a route that turns words into UPPER CASE. For instance, I should be able to visit /capitalize/hello and 
    get back the response HELLO, or I could visit /capitalize/this is Kinda Capitalized and get the response THIS IS KINDA CAPITALIZED.
    -[x] Write a unit test for the capitalization functionality of that route.
    -[x] Create a route that reverses the order of the words in a query parameter. For example, if I visit /reverse?sentence=Hello world, it should return world Hello.
    -[x] Write a unit test for the word reversing functionality of the above route.

## Resources

Handling Form Submission - https://spring.io/guides/gs/handling-form-submission/

Using Thymeleaf - https://www.thymeleaf.org/doc/tutorials/2.1/usingthymeleaf.html#iteration-basics

Serving Web Content with Spring MVC - https://spring.io/guides/gs/serving-web-content/

Commit message:

create song routes and to add

README.md, after:

# Songr 

Building Full-Stack Web Apps with Spring Framework

## Author

Liz Mahoney

## Version 

1.0.0

## Getting Started

1. Go to `https://start.spring.io/` to create a spring application.


![Spring application setup](assets/init.png)


2. Open application in IntelliJ, select used import, and select appropriate JDK, click ok

3. On terminal in root directory run `git init`
3. Create a repo on github named `Songr`, then initial ACP to the Songr repo on github


***To Run Application***

In terminal run: `./gradlew bootrun`

***To view gradle commands***

In terminal run: `./gradlew tasks`

***To Run Test***

In terminal run: `./gradlew test`

## Features

### 6/14/19

    -[x] Create a Song model.
        -[x] A Song has a title, a length (in seconds), a trackNumber, and the album on which that song appears.
    -[x] Ensure that the relationship between Albums and Songs is appropriately set up.
        -[x] A user should be able to see information about all the songs on the site.
        -[x] A user should be able to view a page with data about one particular album.
        -[x] A user should be able to add songs to an album.
        -[x] A user should be able to see the songs that belong to an album when looking at that album.


### 6/13/19

    -[x] Create an Album model.
    -[x] An Album has a title, an artist, a songCount, a length (in seconds), and an imageUrl that is a link to that 
    album’s art.
    -[x] A user should be able to see information about all the albums on the site.
    -[x] A user should be able to add albums to the site.

### 6/12/19

    -[x] Ensure that you can run the Spring app.
    -[x] Create a hello world route at /hello, and ensure that you can visit that route in your browser and see data 
    come back.
    -[x] Create a route that turns words into UPPER CASE. For instance, I should be able to visit /capitalize/hello and 
    get back the response HELLO, or I could visit /capitalize/this is Kinda Capitalized and get the response THIS IS KINDA CAPITALIZED.
    -[x] Write a unit test for the capitalization functionality of that route.
    -[x] Create a route that reverses the order of the words in a query parameter. For example, if I visit /reverse?sentence=Hello world, it should return world Hello.
    -[x] Write a unit test for the word reversing functionality of the above route.

## Resources

Handling Form Submission - https://spring.io/guides/gs/handling-form-submission/

Using Thymeleaf - https://www.thymeleaf.org/doc/tutorials/2.1/usingthymeleaf.html#iteration-basics

Serving Web Content with Spring MVC - https://spring.io/guides/gs/serving-web-content/
